all righty good morning just woke up a
so still waking up but I am going to get
some breakfast get my stuff together get
ready for the meetup not sleep on yours
heart was life-changing I really believe
that like after all the traveling the
time zone changes everything so oh I
think I can't wait to kill today
someone has already made some pancakes
I'm probably going to do the same have
some kodiak cakes and we get the ball
rolling we are meant to be at the
athlete HQ at 10:30 so
oh yes please like five or Kohl's just
walk out first
Oh anyone if you guys want to vlog just
go through that way
cribben go around alright we have time
let's go
first time ever
Russell
much time
a lot of times when addressing and
last year
much so
one-on-one
bottom
is this a lot colder than our basic I
start my youtube channel
I think that a year and a half ago and
that when you just got to start
that's more serious and I went to
college and study business and well I
think we've run out more chips at my
classroom all day and I know I was
working in an office nine five not
YouTube is just going to solid thing and
I just realized you know this is where
my passion is this is you know what I'm
into and YouTube Fitness was my real
passion so I said I quit my job and I
said something to go along with this you
know going back he's a risk of on the
scariest moments of my life going into
my boss's office and saying I quit it
took me about two weeks to build the
courage so he was like well dive
everywhere degrees last two weeks but
yeah I did I married like I'm on this
crazy YouTube adventure that is
literally brought me halfway across the
world and like I get to so many to
people like Tiffany you guys doing
something I love which is fitnes ways
through our graffiti everything is it's
just amazing and so today yeah we will
be doing like some Q&A is everything is
from surah and I kind of wait for it so
I figured I was doing I was it as a part
of my crack honestly was enough for them
to sit at the part we sit apart we're
like my mom just bought me a flip camera
like one of those you know the flip
camera is just like a little brake
responder with you guys love break
something in Texas I bet she breaks
oh and a super cold out here but I
thought so she bought us that we were
like okay so you want to play make
videos or something like yeah like okay
this is do a job that turns into
opportunities and bah-bah-bah sure and
we did one video and it took me like I
want to see like six hours to edit it
it's like a 40 second video it's from
the story but uh I don't know a husband
school and then I was still teaching
part-time and he got to a point where I
realized like I was making an income on
YouTube offering services and our songs
of t-shirts and civil school balance or
anything and it got to a point where I
knew for a fact that I could give it
full time and Rob is just an overall
good-looking dude goodness II very
knowledgeable no sleaze talking about
and that's what I like you there's all
this bloggers and also Robbie's that you
know it on the eager but there's
information that's out there that you
don't only entertain the uniform which i
think is very very important and of
course there were a lot of us don't like
coaching they offer services things like
that but to still give out information
for free and you know take the time of
one day and share it and want the best
for other people shows a lot and I'm
just very bad at writing board it's
actually funny like how you I they know
it all started with Christian awfully
they literally sent him a snapshot of my
Tempe news I said oh snap my home page
on my channel and I just go like oh
we're getting there or something like I
use like five K's orbs and like I didn't
expect anything back like as a mess
around snapchat and then it says we like
a video of him
in his car I just email me your channel
and I'm just like something so then like
you are you mad and I was a god man
thanks turns volume to my sausage on my
videos that's record and so I link to my
channel and then like I see these
Christian guzmán subscribe to you had a
bit of a funny girl moment no and then
man body higher comparison done 15 and
not the recent year before last and I
went up to Christian and I was like oh
hey Ron what's up and she looks at me
for a while he's like oh prob I was like
whoa oh yeah actually like remember
throughout anything like so just go show
they kind of like witness to his
subscribers and then we met again at the
NA big Expo recently and we just started
having shot and catching off I'm like
serves me properly and then of a two
weeks later me on my girlfriend Sarah we
were just sitting having breakfast or
something and then I just see on my
phone Christian guzmán is calling you I
know it's just like why I did Frisby my
phone you know I literally went from
there like a it's just crazy to having
like an old sword with a snap job
price to the meetup is going so well
like it's kind of like an expo but it's
just so much more one-on-one like you
actually get to spend time with our
person and I'm not even just saying this
like I love meeting new people I
genuinely do and hearing their story
like what they do like no I wasn't in
fitness I would look to working like
public relations or something like that
say is a seriously awesome day for me
I'm not even just saying that and now it
is lunchtime so check egg we are Papa
goes them on the DAX oh my god this is
gonna be good
my mom oh there we go yeah mommy goes
one hello wow this looks amazing
yeah carb habita made it
it's as for this guy
there's post-communist over food we
literally are you guys don't know but we
have a strong connection
more in my star alright so the update is
we are going to have a big group work
right now and I needed this like no yes
a lobster jet like and everything but
now I'm feeling good no excuses I need
to like just get a poem just God just
train are trained properly
let's go do this also wearing an OG tank
Hey
let's go Rob let's go
all right so work I've done and that
we're going to get Chris and recycle to
do this motivational speech at mid
speaking a book at icy cold water on his
head heck yeah
alright back from the meetup we're gonna
chill I'm going to do the fastest
editing off my life boy look will be
picked up in the food marked no sugar
added ice cream that was like unheard
off in Ireland so it kind of wait to dig
into this and then I'm gonna do like
clients emails edit and then we're gonna
bowling tonight apparently so never
never a dull moment like go go go mmm
and in the whole table its 360 calories
the whole table and like Ireland needs
to get on this grocery game nobody look
temple that's perfect that's like a
normal ice cream no no no it's great off
I know
alright so this is absolutely amazing
this white aloe of Airbnb is so the
place we're in it has like a little
office so I am literally gonna stay here
zone' ended up a video and we were gonna
all go like bowling we're all going to
go out but after to meet up everyone is
literally dead
we like center - what's up group it's
like who's up for bowling who wants say
and everyone's come just like that's how
pajama party so I'm gonna end this blog
here thank you so much for watching more
uploads coming soon be sure to subscribe
you haven't already keep real I made
here